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

Adding a file to a repository using the command line
  You can upload an existing file to a repository on GitHub.com using the command line.
  Tip: You can also add an existing file to a repository from the GitHub website.
  This procedure assumes you've already:
    Created a repository on GitHub, or have an existing repository owned by someone
	 else you'd like to contribute to Cloned the repository locally on your computer
  Warning: Never git add, commit, or push sensitive information to a remote repository.
  Sensitive information can include, but is not limited to:
    Passwords, SSH keys, AWS access keys, API keys, Credit card numbers, PIN numbers

  On your computer, move the file you'd like to upload to GitHub into the local directory
  that was created when you cloned the repository.
    Open Terminal.
    Change the current working directory to your local repository.
    Stage the file for commit to your local repository.

    $ git add .
    # Adds the file to your local repository and stages it for commit.
	 To unstage a file, use 'git reset HEAD YOUR-FILE'.

    Commit the file that you've staged in your local repository.

    $ git commit -m "Add existing file"
    # Commits the tracked changes and prepares them to be pushed to a remote
	 repository. To remove this commit and modify the file, use

    'git reset --soft HEAD~1' and commit and add the file again.

    Push the changes in your local repository to GitHub.com.
    $ git push origin YOUR_BRANCH
    # Pushes the changes in your local repository up to the remote repository you specified as the origin

To generate a personal access token:  (use fine-grained)
    Log into GitHub
    Click on your name / Avatar in the upper right corner and select Settings
    On the left, click Developer settings
    Select Personal access tokens and click Generate new token
    Give the token a description/name and select the scope of the token
        I selected repo only to facilitate pull, push, clone, and commit actions
        Click the link Red more about OAuth scopes for details about the permission sets
    Click Generate token
    Copy the token – this is your new password!

Once we have a token, we need to configure the local GIT client with a username
and email address. On a Linux machine, use the following commands to configure
this, replacing the values in the brackets with your username and email.

git config --global user.name ""
git config --global user.email ""
git config -l


To put repository in gitpod: add 'gitpod.io/#' to the front of the https://.. URL